PMID	Age	Gender	Lab Tests	Symptoms	Case Report	Final Diagnosis	PubMed_Publications
24275336	52	Female	Initial laboratory tests included normal complete blood count, chemistry and urinalysis. The serum liver profile revealed newly increased liver-associated enzymes; serum aspartate aminotransferase of 739 U/L (normal value 15-37 U/L), serum alanine aminotransferase 955 U/L (normal value 30-65 U/L) and serum alkaline phosphatase 170 U/L (normal value 50-136 U/L). Her serum bilirubin and prothrombin time were normal.  Hepatitis A, B and C serologies were all non-reactive. Serum acetaminophen, alcohol and HIV RNA were undetected. Following admission, blood, urine and stool cultures yielded no pathogens. Additional workup included antinuclear antibody, anti-smooth muscle antibody, liver-kidney microsomal antibody, antimitochondrial antibody and ceruloplasmin level, which were all negative. Her cytomegalovirus serology showed positive with an IgM titre of 2.15 (normal range 0–0.89) and IgG titre of 0.08 (normal range 0–0.9). Cytomegalovirus DNA qualitative PCR is also positive. Herpes simplex and Epstein-Barr virus tests showed negative.	1-week history of recurrent fevers, non-specific muscle and joint pain accompanied by abdominal and low back discomfort.	 A 52-year-old Hispanic woman with a medical history of hypoparathyroidism and is maintained on calcium supplements. There were no headaches, cough, colds, sore throat, diarrhoea, nausea or vomiting. She denied any history of travelling outside of New York City or the USA. She lived with her husband in a monogamous relationship with no pets at home. She worked as an assistant third-grade teacher and denied sick contacts at work or home. Family and surgical history were unremarkable. She denied smoking, alcohol and drug use. Physical examination revealed a temperature of 102°F, pulse rate 100 bpm and normal blood pressure. The rest of her physical examination was unremarkable. Her hepatobiliary ultrasound, abdominal and chest CT scans were normal. Echocardiogram showed no vegetations. Liver biopsy revealed non-specific inflammation with no granulomata.}	Acute cytomegalovirus hepatitis	786
25733085	30	Female	"The patient’s tests revealed severe anaemia with haemoglobin of 6.4 g%; microcytic hypochromic anaemia with a few target cells was seen on peripheral smear; erythrocyte sedimentation rate was 26 mm at the end of the first hour (raised) and platelet count was reduced (56 000, normal range 150 000–450 000). Liver function tests showed raised bilirubin 7.8 mg/dL (normal range 0–1, with a direct fraction of 6.0 mg/dL), raised aspartate
transaminase 245 U/L (normal range <49 U/L), hypoalbuminaemia 2.4 g/dL (normal range 3.6–4.4 g/dL) and an elevated prothrombin time 1.76 international normalised ratio (INR) (normal reference range of INR is <1.3). Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis C virus antigen were negative. Ascitic fluid analysis was suggestive of serum-ascites albumin gradient of 1.9, with <140 cells, mainly mesothelial. Ziehl-Neelsen (ZN) stain was positive for acid-fast bacilli."	Presented with anorexia, yellowish discoloration of the sclera and bilateral pedal oedema, progressive over the course of 20 days.	A 30 year-old woman presented with no history of breathlessness, chest pain, cough, gastrointestinal bleeding or diurnal variation, and no history of medications. General examination revealed scleral icterus and pitting pedal oedema. The patient was afebrile. She had no stigmata of spider angioma, palmar erythaema or gynaecomastia. There was no evidence of hepatomegaly or splenomegaly and no history of substance abuse or any significant family history. There were no signs of TB on the chest X-ray. Abdominal ultrasound revealed mild ascitis with mild splenomegaly. The liver had a coarsened echo texture with surface nodularity. Plain CT scan of the abdomen revealed a normalsized liver with an irregular external contour. Multiple hyperdense nodules were seen scattered throughout the liver parenchyma. Contrast-enhanced CT scan revealed no enhancement of the liver nodules on arterial phase. However, remaining intervening normal parenchyma was seen enhancing. Portal venous phase showed marked normal liver parenchymal enhancement with minimally enhancing hypodense nodules. On delayed phase, CT scan showed wash out of contrast from the normal intervening parenchyma with isodense appearing nodules.	Liver tuberculosis	8,973
26504769	57	Male	The glomerular filtration rate, serum creatinine and blood urea were 24 ml/min, 3.4 mg/dL and 90 mg/dL, fasting blood sugar, post prandial blood sugar and HbAIc were 226, 305 and 7.4%, and total cholesterol and triglycerides were 145 & 95 respectively.	Presented with the complaints of weakness, dyspnea, arthralgia, neuropathic pains and pedal edema.	This is a case of a 57-year-old obese patient. His blood pressure was optimized. Ultra sonography abdomen has revealed grade - 1 prostatomegaly. His lifestyle reveals that he consumes high amount of carbohydrate without any physical acitivity.	Type 2 diabetes, hypertension, benign prostate hypertrophy and chronic kidney disease 4th stage.	1
27572076	58	Male	Initial laboratory data showed white blood cell count of 6.36×10³/mm³ (polymorphonuclear neutrophils, 60.1%; lymphocytes, 24.1%; and eosinophils, 2.2%), serum total bilirubin level of 23.59 mg/dL, serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST) level of 292 IU/L, and serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) level of 525 IU/L. Prothrombin time, electrolytes and renal function tests were normal. Serologic study was negative for immunoglobulin (Ig) M anti-hepatitis A virus (HAV) antibody and positive for IgG anti-HAV antibody. Hepatitis B virus surface antigen and antibody to hepatitis C were absent, and HCV RNA was negative. On the ninth day of admission, laboratory data showed a peak total bilirubin level of >35.0 mg/dL. On the fourteenth day of admission, commercially available immunoassay for IgM anti-HEV and IgG anti-HEV were both positive. The optical density value of IgM anti-HEV was 0.849 (cut-off value 0.294) and IgG anti-HEV was 3.356 (cut-off value: 0.367). We decided to taper steroid therapy, but the total bilirubin level was elevated (17.8 mg/dL to 21.3 mg/dL) after steroid tapering (30 mg/day to 5 mg/day over 10 days). Thereafter, prednisolone was given at a dosage of 20 mg/day, and the dose of steroid was tapered and discontinued after 5 weeks. Two months after admission, laboratory data showed a total bilirubin level of 2.30 mg/dl, AST level of 24 IU/L, and ALT level of 26 IU/L. On the seventy ninth day of admission, the patient developed weakness of the lower limbs. The muscle weakness progressed rapidly and in 2 days he was bedridden, unable to move against gravity. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis showed a normal protein concentration (44.6 mg/dl) without cellular response. Intravenous immunoglobulin 30 g/day was administered for 5 days, and resulted in significantly improved neurologic symptom. During the follow-up period, IgM anti-HEV persisted as positive until 6 months after admission (value 1.883), but IgM anti-HEV converted negative on 12 months after admission (value 0.049).	The patient presented with anorexia, pruritus, and jaundice. 	On 20 March 2014, a 58-years-old Korean male was referred to our hospital. He was a heavy alcohol drinker, with a consumption rate of 120 g/day of alcohol for 30 years. He had not travelled outside South Korea. There was no history of blood transfusions, risky sexual behavior or drug addiction. Three months before hospitalization, he ingested raw deer meat with the intention of improving his stamina. He had ingested about 200 g of raw meat obtained from a wild deer captured on Jiri-mountain in the Gyeongnam province, South Korea. On physical examination, he had jaundice, right upper quadrant tenderness, and an enlarged liver. On liver biopsy, the lymphocyte-dominant inflammatory cells were accumulated in the periportal area. There was no fatty change. Swelling and focal apoptosis of hepatocytes were present. Periportal fibrosis with bridge necrosis was observed. On the seventy ninth day of admission, the patient developed weakness of the lower limbs. The muscle weakness progressed rapidly and in 2 days he was bedridden, unable to move against gravity.	Guillain-Barré Syndrome following acute hepatitis E	15
28858213	1	Female	Laboratory features showed anemia with decreased levels of hemoglobin  (8 g·dL-1) and hematocrit (25.4%). The patient has had a international normalised ratio (INR) test of 3.5 and a prothrombin time (PT) test of 26%, and serum levels of ALT (1386 IU·L-1), AST (1268 IU·L-1), total (9.4 mg·dL-1) and direct (4.8 mg·dL-1) bilirubin still increased. Albumin (2.7 g·dL-1) and ammonium (257 ug·dL-1) serum levels were also altered. Serological evaluation was positive for antinuclear antibodies (ANAs: 1/320) and liver kidney microsomal type 1 antibodies (LKM-1: 1/1280), and negative for anti–smooth muscle antibody, hepatitis A, B, and C viruses, Epstein-Barr virus, and cytomegalovirus.	On admission to the Italian Hospital of Buenos Aires, the patient had grade II-III encephalopathy and required mechanical ventilator assistance. 	A 20-month-old child who engaged in recreational activities, including bathing at the Carrasco and Malvin beaches in Montevideo, Uruguay, during the summer algal bloom in January 2015. A few hours after the last exposure episode, the girl presented gastrointestinal symptoms, such as diarrhea and vomiting, developing fatigue and jaundice, until finally, five days after exposure, she was admitted to the intensive care unit of a toxicology medical center (CIAT Uruguay). Doppler ultrasonography showed hepatomegaly and echogenic images in both lobes. Brain tomography showed cerebral edema.	Liver failure due to exposure to a harmful algal bloom	3
